and here you have it mercedes-benz
answer to a law enforcement vehicle of
the future the energy force and what a
beast it is it looks like it's being
plucked straight out of a Hollywood film
but not only does it look good the
theory behind it's pretty spectacular to
this beast doesn't just run off one
engine
oh no this car has four engines
independent from each other mounted
above each wheel and far as the
suspensions concerned it's constantly
changing dependent on the terrain and
it's not monitored by the human eye oh
no it's got a 360 degree topography
scanner mounted at the top constantly
searching the terrain and changing the
suspension accordingly and the vehicle
itself be powered by hydrogen fuel cells
that will get their energy from recycled
water in these rooftop tanks via a hydro
tech converter in theory the vehicle
will be able to run up to 500 miles with
his only ambition being h2o our law
enforcement officers should feel pretty
safe housing this beast with a much
smaller windows and you'll certainly
know they're coming by the lights which
is stylish Lee integrated into the
bodywork of the vehicle talking of
bodywork this is of course a G class and
unlike that iconic boxy look of a G
class that we're so used to seeing this
one far more curvaceous I want you to
speculate but maybe this is a sign of
things to come for our beloved 2 class
I don't know whether I'm allowed to ask
this but the g-class is quite an iconic
looking vehicle this one a little bit
more curvaceous are you going in that
sort of direction and future yeah we're
definitely moving away from that stiff
shapes I mean if you look at the 70s
where the g-class was created the shapes
have been literally made like that due
to you know the bending of sheet metal
now in 20 let's say 15 you know we
design changed and it's going to be more
sophisticated and you see that in the
shape so the shape is actually very
central it's very producti but very
defined and so again this is how we
bring the g-wagen into the future
you